hello today with you Anton
bearing and today I will be telling
like bought this pit and how it wound up
started fucking bought it in '48 where to
a motorcycle starts with
half turn
but something fuck ignition brains right over here
here is this cap that the date of the table is not
in short, let's move on to the result of our
today's job is that
sidushka make about bills from the material
grandfather's jacket
he once took me fucking with my granny
and rested and so move on the panel
the device is this ignition lock
here is a fucking see see how so
top hat we izh planet sport
bust cheats and cradles fucking tagged smoked
My date is when you are
mikuni so what's next here to show you
hoses from you soon and my motorcycle screams
our deceased crashed
I didn't survive so she is a merlock
the main is already the Palestinian region
so look what tuba is me
l hesitated to fucking Pasha ray la
was that the same look pipe
hot pipe
This is fucking think so, and as you can see
ohoenny grinder stripped trimmed here
pretty file us all ok so
what else is the box box I have
fuck vaz 2101 fuck right now i'll show how
she starts up
here's the key in the ignition tank turned on
kraynik opened now running
motorcycle is certainly not the juice but
works fine what I like about him
this box guys i can put the same
lightweight box you will not regret kaneko
overlapping extremely by the way fucking not
Japanese japa fuck
drugmaker Well Well
Today our video review is finished with
you was Anton pope nick subscribe
on the channel with a cutting but instant there will be a review and
Jupiter 3
Now look what a handsome all before
meeting
fucking bearing crashed need balls
change all goodbye guys